Mitigation remediation (#35)
Rezilion/mi-x: README.md

* Validate if exploitable to category of cves
* Get the vulnerability description
* Validate the host containers
* Present the validation flow logic as a graph.

> * Export the results to one of the three format types: json, csv, text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Export the results to one of the three output formats: json, csv, text.
```

If the argument is not set, a menu message will appear presenting the currently supported vulnerabilities.

## -c --container

Scans all running containers on the host (False by default).
- When running in containers mode, the user will need to insert the user’s password for sudo use.

## -n --container_name

Scans specific containers on the host by inserting running containers names seperated by commas only (Not set by default).
- When running in containers mode, the user will need to insert the user’s password for sudo use.

## -f --format'

> Exports the results to three different format types: json, csv, text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exports the results to one of three possible output formats: json, csv, text
```
